# Cmpt 305 Project
Course: CMPT 305 Fall 2017;
Languages: Java

Nobel prize project by Renato Bijader, Peter Bordush, Amelia Chin and Michael Konecny.

For more details on the specifications of our project, refer to the javadocs.

---- Contributions ----
Database portion was completed by Peter and Michael.
GUI portion was completed by Renato and Amelia. 

---- Design ----

In terms of the database, the main component to the project is our arraylist 
of persons objects. The arraylist is iterated through with each search and further 
refined based on the searches. In other words, a copy of the database will be returned 
after specific searches were applied and modified the list of persons. 
For the person's panel (the third panel) we have created the prize and affiliation objects 
for convenience. 

In terms of the GUI, we initially started off with having 6 main buttons that highlighted the 6
most important categories (names, years, country, prizes, gender, and affiliations).
But we found that it was quite difficult to further refine searches from there
and we had to scrap that idea. 
We kept the title screen as a startup screen and once that is clicked, it will bring 
the user to the main search pane.
Instead of our initial idea of the 6 buttons, we implemented choice boxes and sliders 
to gather the filters from the user. 

Overall, our design mainly portrayed the model-controller-view pattern. 
User updates filters -> filter grabs information + updates history -> updates gridpane with all results found

---- Known bugs ----
Database side:
Names with suffixes don't portray pictures.

GUI side:
The gridpane that is populated with the search results have issues with the sizing of each 
persons or the scroll pane. If we had tried to get all the results to fit perfectly within the gridpane, 
we would get the issue where a row of persons would be squished at the top. Which would not allow the user
to access those people.  
If we tried to fix that issue, the gridpane would then add an insane amount of rows that extends below. 
There was no in-between fixes or a perfect fix... that we could find.
